readme/README.md, before:


# FreyTab

## About
---

<p> 
FreyTab is a consultant company offering services to custumers in need. A B2C2  website seeking to connect with new and already existing clients. The site will be targeted towards clients who want to change their company and go towards a lean and agile way of running.
</p>

## UX (User Experience)
---

### User stories


### Site Owner Goals

### Responsive Design
- Media queries were used to make the site responsive on all devices (desktop, mobile, tablet).

### Mockups
[Ami.responsivedesign](http://ami.responsivedesign.is
) was used to creat the mockups below.
- [Mockup](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/Mockups.png)

### Wireframes

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com
) Was used to creat the wireframes below.

- [Home-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeDesktop.png)
- [Home-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeTablet.png)
- [Home-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeMobile.png)
- [About-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutDesktop.png)
- [About-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutTablet.png)
- [About-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutMobile.png)
- [Contact-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactDesktop.png)
- [Contact-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactTablet.png)
- [Contact-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactMobile.png)

### Screenshots (Of Finnished Site)
- [Home]()
- [About]()
- [contact]()

## Features
---

### Home Page

#### Header

- Navigation Bar
    - The navigation bar is available on all 3 pages throughout the website, it includes links to Home page, About page and Contact page.
    - All links are underlined when hovered over and the active page have a solid underline. To help with the user experience.

- Logo
    - The logo can be used as a link to the home page for easy access.

 #### Boddy

 - Home-page section
    - The home page section gives the user an overwiev on what the site owner wants to convey. 
    - 

- Contact-nav
    - A navigation button to the contact page is located on the homepage screen.
    - Gives the client an additional way to get directly to the contact page.

#### Footer

- Footer
    - The footer is consistent throughout the whole website and includes links to social media sites for Freytab.
    - The footer helps the owner and client to keep connected via social media.
    - For easy navigation for the user the links in the footer will open in a new tab.
    
### About Page

- About page section
    - The about page section contains two main text elements to give the client more information on the site owner.
        - About us
            - Gives the client a more in-depth view of the company and who is behind it.
            - The user can see what the company has to offer and if it suits their needs.
        - Services 
            - The list of services is located on the about page to give information on what the company can offer.


- About team section
    - The about team section display the team with pictures and information on the team.
    - The images are meaningful to help the client to identify who is behind the product and what their roles are.

### Contact Page

- The contact page gives out information in two ways on how to contact the website owner.
    - Form
        - The form is a good way for the owner to get input from prospective clients.
    - Written information
        - If the client wants to speak to a specific member of the company, their information is listed below the form.
        - Gives the client of the site owner an additional way of getting in contact.

## Future Features

- I


## Testing
---

### Screen Size Testing

- 
    - 

### Browser Testing

- 
    - 

### Validator Testing

- 

### Lighthouse

- Lighthouse showed accessibility 88%
    - 

### Unfixed Bugs

- 
    - 

### Fixed Bugs

- 
    - 


 ## Deployment
 ---
<p>
This site was deployed to Github pages, Steps to deploy to GitHub pages are shown below.
</p>

1. Create an account and log in on GitHub. 
2. Create a repository. 
3. Making commit messages and pushing your code to GitHub throughout when you code.
4. When you are done, go into settings in GitHub (in your repository).
5. Scroll down to GitHub pages.
6. In the source section select branch (this project selected main) and save. 
7. Refresh the page and when it is successfully deployed,  The message Your site is published at... will show beside the link to your site.  

## Credits
---

- Content
    - [Font Awesom](https://fontawesome.com/) icons was used in the footer for social media links.

- Code 
    - Codeinstitute Full Stack Developer Course

- Media
    - Images
        - All images was taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/).

- Inspiration
    - Got most of my inspiration from working at FreyTab 
    - Codeinstitute Full Stack Developer Course gave me inspiration from learning the essentials

- Acknowledgements
    - Friends and family for testion the site on diffrent devices and givving feedback.
    - My Mentor

Commit message:

Add image for testing validation to media folder

readme/README.md, after:


# FreyTab

## About
---

<p> 
FreyTab is a consultant company offering services to custumers in need. A B2C2  website seeking to connect with new and already existing clients. The site will be targeted towards clients who want to change their company and go towards a lean and agile way of running.
</p>

## UX (User Experience)
---

### User stories


### Site Owner Goals

### Responsive Design
- Media queries were used to make the site responsive on all devices (desktop, mobile, tablet).

### Mockups
[Ami.responsivedesign](http://ami.responsivedesign.is
) was used to creat the mockups below.
- [Mockup](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/Mockups.png)

### Wireframes

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com
) Was used to creat the wireframes below.

- [Home-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeDesktop.png)
- [Home-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeTablet.png)
- [Home-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/HomeMobile.png)
- [About-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutDesktop.png)
- [About-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutTablet.png)
- [About-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/AboutMobile.png)
- [Contact-Desktop](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactDesktop.png)
- [Contact-Tablet](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactTablet.png)
- [Contact-Mobile](https://github.com/MadeleineFrey/Project1-HTML-CSS/blob/main/readme/Media/ContactMobile.png)

### Screenshots (Of Finnished Site)
- [Home]()
- [About]()
- [contact]()

## Features
---

### Home Page

#### Header

- Navigation Bar
    - The navigation bar is available on all 3 pages throughout the website, it includes links to Home page, About page and Contact page.
    - All links are underlined when hovered over and the active page have a solid underline. To help with the user experience.

- Logo
    - The logo can be used as a link to the home page for easy access.

 #### Boddy

 - Home-page section
    - The home page section gives the user an overwiev on what the site owner wants to convey. 
    - 

- Contact-nav
    - A navigation button to the contact page is located on the homepage screen.
    - Gives the client an additional way to get directly to the contact page.

#### Footer

- Footer
    - The footer is consistent throughout the whole website and includes links to social media sites for Freytab.
    - The footer helps the owner and client to keep connected via social media.
    - For easy navigation for the user the links in the footer will open in a new tab.
    
### About Page

- About page section
    - The about page section contains two main text elements to give the client more information on the site owner.
        - About us
            - Gives the client a more in-depth view of the company and who is behind it.
            - The user can see what the company has to offer and if it suits their needs.
        - Services 
            - The list of services is located on the about page to give information on what the company can offer.


- About team section
    - The about team section display the team with pictures and information on the team.
    - The images are meaningful to help the client to identify who is behind the product and what their roles are.

### Contact Page

- The contact page gives out information in two ways on how to contact the website owner.
    - Form
        - The form is a good way for the owner to get input from prospective clients.
    - Written information
        - If the client wants to speak to a specific member of the company, their information is listed below the form.
        - Gives the client of the site owner an additional way of getting in contact.

## Future Features

- As shown below in the lighthouse section, accessibility is att 88/100. This is a thing I want to change in the future to reach closer to 100.


## Testing
---

### Screen Size Testing

<p>
Testing has ben done to mobile, tablet and desktop. (There were no issues with the different screen sizes.)
</p>

<p>
TThe form has been tested so that you must enter all required inputs. The required attribute is added to "First Name" input, "Last Name" input, and "Email Address" input. The message input field does not have a required input attribute as it is not necessary for the client to give a message if there is not a need for it. </p> <p>You can not put a non-email address in de email address input field which shows that the test went successfully. 
</p>

### Browser Testing
- The site has been tested on both chrome and safari with no issues. 

### Validator Testing

- [HTML]()
    - Passed through the official [W3c validator](https://validator.w3.org).

- [CSS]()
    - No errors were found when passing through the official [Jigsaw validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)


### Lighthouse

<p>
Lighthouse is a good tool to use for showing Preformance, Accessibility, Best practices and SEO.
</p>
<p>
As mentioned before accessibility is only 88/100. This is due to not being accessible enough to reach 100/100.
</p>

 - Here is a list of some improvements:
    - ARIA roles
    - ARIA toggle fields have accessible names
    - The document does not use <meta http-equiv="refresh">

### Fixed Bugs
- Textare on the contact page would not give a value when sending the form.
    - Solved by fixing a misspelling of the name attribute.

- Navigation link in the footer would not work.
    - The navigation link to linked in would not work because the link was broken. To solve this, a new link was added.

 ## Deployment
 ---
<p>
This site was deployed to Github pages, Steps to deploy to GitHub pages are shown below.
</p>

1. Create an account and log in on GitHub. 
2. Create a repository. 
3. Making commit messages and pushing your code to GitHub throughout when you code.
4. When you are done, go into settings in GitHub (in your repository).
5. Scroll down to GitHub pages.
6. In the source section select branch (this project selected main) and save. 
7. Refresh the page and when it is successfully deployed,  The message Your site is published at... will show beside the link to your site.  

## Credits
---

- Content
    - [Font Awesom](https://fontawesome.com/) icons was used in the footer for social media links.

- Code 
    - Codeinstitute Full Stack Developer Course

- Media
    - Images
        - All images was taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/).

- Inspiration
    - Got most of my inspiration from working at FreyTab 
    - Codeinstitute Full Stack Developer Course gave me inspiration from learning the essentials

- Acknowledgements
    - Friends and family for testion the site on diffrent devices and givving feedback.
    - My Mentor
